Yes.
I don't think so, but we do have.
An internat. We have two international students.
Their at the church.
Yes.
One of them is Japanese, uh... but we have another one who's coming back.
Yeah, she's in Japan right now from the visa. She had to go back to get her visa.
Yes. Yes. The only thing is that
they want to practice English, so I'm like, talk Japanese.
Yeah.
mmm-hmm
Uh-huh.
right.
Right.
Yeah.
mmh
mmm-hmm
right.
What you think, have you noticed like what
What themes or what theme that you have, have you noticed the ones that you've been speaking to?
like confradia.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Oh...
Oh, that's nice.
Yes.
mmh
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Like I have so many questions right now for you.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
mmm-hmm